Upgrade to Quarkus 3.13.2 (#31678)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/changes/changes-26_0_0.adoc

Consequently, the environment variables `KEYCLOAK_ADMIN` and `KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_PASSWORD` have been deprecated. You should use `KC_BOOTSTRAP_ADMIN_USERNAME` and `KC_BOOTSTRAP_ADMIN_PASSWORD` instead. These are also general options, so they may be specified via the cli or other config sources, for example `--bootstrap-admin-username=admin`. For more information, see the new https://www.keycloak.org/server/bootstrap-admin-recovery[Bootstrap admin and recovery] guide.

= Keystore and trust store default format change

{project_name} now determines the format of the keystore and trust store based on the file extension. If the file extension is `.p12`, `.pkcs12` or `.pfx`, the format is PKCS12. If the file extension is `.jks`, `.keystore` or `.truststore`, the format is JKS. If the file extension is `.pem`, `.crt` or `.key`, the format is PEM.

> You can still override automatic detection by specifying the `https-key-store-type` and `https-trust-store-type` explicitly. Restrictions for the FIPS strict mode stays unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can still override automatic detection by specifying the `https-key-store-type` and `https-trust-store-type` explicitly. The same applies to the management interface and its `https-management-key-store-type`. Restrictions for the FIPS strict mode stay unchanged.
```

Might be good to mention it even for the management interface?
